1. What is a namespace? Explain its purpose.
A namespace is a scope definition that defines a block of code. Its purpose is to prevent conflict of similar variable names within a program.

2. Why are header files needed? Explain.
Header files are used to create the prototypes of a function. Prototypes are used to declare a function and its parameters. 

3. In the instructions above, you were directed to compile only .cpp files but
not the .h files. Explain why you don’t compile header files.
Header files do not have any running code. They only have declarations and prototypes. They cannot compile whereas .cpp files contain a main and code. 

4. Explain why you should never include .cpp files in another file.
Because when a source file (.cpp) is included, it basically copies that code into the main run program. It copies the definitions more than once and can lead to duplication and linking errors.  

5. Explain in your own words what have you learned on this workshop.
I learned how to create my own namespaces. How to enclose blocks of code into them and then declare that I am using them. 


Quiz 1 Reflection:

1. The header file that must be included while using cout function in a C++ program is- 
WRONG ANSWER: using namespace std
REVISED ANSWER: #include <cstdio>

2. The variable that contains address of another variable is called as-
WRONG ANSWER: structure class
REVISED ANSWER: pointer

3. What are the main characteristics of objective oriented programming?
WRONG ANSWER: programming based on using objectives to clearly define goals
REVISED ANSWER: the main characteristics are encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism

4. Why namespace is important?
WRONG ANSWER: it helps to define scope
RIGHT ANSWER: it helps to define scope so that naming conflicts of similar variables doesn't happen

5. A module named "computer" should have the files named?
WRONG ANSWER: .cpp
RIGHT ANSWER: computer.h

8. Modules implementation file defines function prototypes. T/F
WRONG ANSWER: T
RIGHT ANSWER: F


